Amex Interview Questions :
Map and Reduce functionality in Past Project
Does it good to use one reducer
Can we write query in sqoop
can we import using different databases
can we use union in sqoop query
how to import table syntax
how to import all table syntax
Hive internal table and external table default location
can we create a external table without location
when we go for external table
count in hive table
how ofen u have used mapreduce
how u have utilised mapreduce in u r previous project
how job will be processed in yarn, once job was submitted
Almost all transformations can be done in hive/pig, but still we go for mapreduce why?
in which cases u have used mapreduce for transformations --- talk about counters along with transformation
how good u r with pig
how good u r with shell scripting
how good u r in spark, rate out of 5
how to use shell/unix commands in pig --- stream command
what type of transformations u have done in ur previous project using pig
default deleimeters in hive --- ctlr+A
commands to copy file from HDFS to local, local to HDFS, HDFS to HDFS
how to fasten the sqoop job  --- split by
in hive, while creating tables which file format u have given and why?
Do u have any knowledge on fast data technoligies like spark, kafka, strom ----- no further questions on this just YES/NO
15-20 minutes discussion on previous projects experience.
use of less command.
external vs internal tables in hive ? 
partitions in hive
pig basics ..
what are the things  u have worked upon in sqoop.
mapper and reducers basics...
hdfs  basics like what is block ,inputspilt ..very basics..
basics of hadoop architecure .
basics of mapreduce.
Use of pipes in unix.?..
Architecture of hadoop
what are the components of Mapreduce
what are the methods in mapper and reducer
what is distributed cache, why it is needed
how can you add multiple outputs in mapreduce
how the output gets generated in map reduce
what is hive
what are external and internal tables
what are partitions
can we archive partitions
what is pig
how to filter column data in PIG
what are different functions in pig
what are different commands in hadoop
what are different joins in sql
when to use group by command
query to get unique records in emp table when there are duplicates
what is tail,cat commands in unix
how to get unique logs in unix
how to extract jar in unix
how you used Unix in your program.. different commands used in your project
What is experience and Relevant experience?
Did you know anything about cornerstone project(ELF ingestion Framework)?
Can you give commitment for this migration project for a year?
Your are from which location?
Overall and relevant experience in Hadoop
Explain about Data Ingestion
Can you give commitment for more than 10 months for this project
Should be capable of working individually
What is your base location
Asked me that whether I am aware of their internal application before
